Armenia is an ancient country with rich history, situated in the lands of Mount Erad.
In the Caucasus region, Lake Sevan is considered to be a prized jewel.
Diversity of its flora and fauna contribute to the unique and beautiful countryside.
Yerevan, the capital, is a modern metropolis with picturesque views that remind many of Paris,
with its trees, cafes, and beautiful water fountains.
What is this?
Recently, a special three-week preaching campaign took place.
Groups of Armenia speaking Jehovah's Witnesses from six different countries
wholeheartedly responded to the invitation.
The main purpose of the campaign was to cover as many of the 512 unassigned territories
as possible, with the Kingdom Good News.
Thus, an opportunity for an interchange of encouragement was created for both the local friends
and the campaign participants.
They were warmly greeted at the airport by local brothers and sisters.
The Witnesses made good use of their tablets and smartphones to show videos from the JW.org website.
Armenia is also currently home to over 11,000 Western Armenia refugees.
A special effort was made to share with these individuals the positive message of hope and peace
from the Bible in their native tongue, West Armenia.
Metropolitan Witnessing served as an effective way to reach these ones.
It was the first time in my life that I participated in public witnessing and it was very encouraging.
When individuals would approach us and show interest, I could explain to them the truth in their own language.
It was amazing.
It's been very heartwarming.
People have really responded well.
They were in need of comfort and the good news, especially those that we came for.
The Western Armenians pretty much every door invited us in and they were very hospitable and receptive.
After we heard an announcement about a special campaign in a Western language that's going to take place in Armenia,
we said we cannot miss this.
We have to be there and bring our share in this very joyful preaching campaign.
During the three-week campaign, over 15,000 pieces of Bible-based literature were left with interested ones
and over 200 Bible studies were started.
We were very happy to see how many brothers and sisters were ready to come for the campaign in Armenia,
from different countries around the world.
That response showed that Jehovah has blessed our efforts.
Those who came from far and wide greatly appreciated the share they had in this special event.
Everyone was so happy to see us and when we were giving them a Bible, they were so excited to find answers from their own Bible.
I so blessed to be here.
This has been the best vacation that we have had as a family.
The first time I came to Armenia, I was in 1982 and I looked for the witnesses and I hardly found just a few.
But now that I came for this campaign, we have 11,000 witnesses. I'm really so happy. I really want to come back.
It is our hope that Jehovah God continues to help all sorts of people to be saved and come to an accurate knowledge of truth.